add trigger kind "time" in rolling_file (#296)
estk/log4rs: docs/Configuration.md

   limit: 10 mb
```

> For `time`, the `limit` field is a string which defines the maximum file size 

Reviewer: Roles based on time not size

prior to a rolling of the file. The limit field supports the following units

> (the second will be used if the unit is not specified), case does not matter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(second will be used if the unit is not specified), case does not matter:
```

- second[s]
- minute[s]
- hour[s]
- day[s]
- week[s]
- month[s]
- year[s]

> note: The log file will be rolled at the integer time. For example, if the
`limit` is set to `2 day`, the log file will be rolled at 0:00 every other a
day, regardless of the time `log4rs` was started or the log file was created.

> It means that the first log file will be rolled before the limit is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the initial log file will likely be rolled before the limit is reached.
```

  limit: 10 mb
```

For `time`, it has three field, _interval_, _modulate_ and _max_random_delay_.

The _interval_ field is a string which defines the time to roll the
file. The interval field supports the following units(second will be used if the
unit is not specified), case does not matter:

- second[s]
- minute[s]
- hour[s]
- day[s]
- week[s]
- month[s]
- year[s]

> > Note: `log4j` set `Sunday` as the first day of the week, but `log4rs` set
> > `Monday` as the first day of the week, which is the same as `chrono` crate
> > and the `ISO 8601` standard. So if you use `week`, the log file will be rolled
> > on `Monday` instead of `Sunday`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `log4j` treats `Sunday` as the first day of the week, but `log4rs` treats
> `Monday` as the first day of the week, which is the follows the `chrono` crate
> and the `ISO 8601` standard. So when using `week`, the log file will be rolled
> on `Monday` instead of `Sunday`.
```

   limit: 10 mb
```

For `time`, the `limit` field is a string which defines the time to roll the 
file. The limit field supports the following units(second will be used if the
unit is not specified), case does not matter:

- second[s]
- minute[s]
- hour[s]
- day[s]
- week[s]
- month[s]
- year[s]

> > Note: The log file will be rolled at the integer time. For example, if the
> `limit` is set to `2 day`, the log file will be rolled at 0:00 every other a
> day, regardless of the time `log4rs` was started or the log file was created.
> This means that the initial log file will be likely rolled before the limit
> is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The log file will be rolled at the integer time. For example, if the
> `limit` is set to `2 day`, the log file will be rolled at 0:00 every other a
> day, regardless of the time `log4rs` was started or the log file was created.
> This means that the initial log file will be likely rolled before the limit
> is reached.
```

> > Note: Setting "roller.is_pre_process"(In the next section, we will introduce)
> to true can ensure that the logs are rolled in the correct position instead of
> leaving a single line of logs in the previous log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Setting "roller.is_pre_process"(In the next section, we will introduce)
> to true can ensure that the logs are rolled in the correct position instead of
> leaving a single line of logs in the previous log file.
```

feature is enabled, the archive files will be gzip-compressed.

> Note: This pattern field is only used for archived files. The `path` field
> of the higher level `rolling_file` will be used for the active log file.

The _base_ field is the starting index used to name rolling files.

The _count_ field is the exclusive maximum index used to name rolling files.
However, be warned that the roller renames every file when a log rolls over.
Having a large count value can negatively impact performance.

> Note: If you use the `triger: time`, the log file will be rolled before it

> > gets written, which ensure that the logs are rolled in the correct position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> gets written, which ensures that the logs are rolled in the correct position
```
